Add location box/distance search (#259)
helium/docs: docs/api/blockchain/hotspots.mdx

---

## Hotspot Location Distance Search

```
GET https://api.helium.io/v1/hotspots/location/distance
```

> Fetch the hotspots which are within a given number of meters from the given lat/lon co-ordinates. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch the hotspots which are within a given number of meters from the given `lat` and `lon` coordinates. This
```
